[Docs] Baseline actor docs and move around some other files as well (#364)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/actors/application.md

---
title: Application Actor
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Application Actor <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Schema](#schema)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [CLI](#cli)

## Overview

An `Application` is responsible for staking POKT in order to consume and pay for
services available on Pocket Network as a function of volume and time.

## Schema

> The on-chain for an `Application` can be found at [application.proto](./../../../proto/pocket/application/application.proto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The on-chain representation of an `Application` can be found at [application.proto](./../../../proto/pocket/application/application.proto).
```

This makes me ask myself: "on-chain what?"
